Add ux documentation - part 1 (#185)
SchwarzIT/onyx: apps/docs/src/basics/states.md

Author: I just commented it out because I was not sure if we really need it. Maybe we should discuss in a following meeting on that.

# Component states

Component states in UI design refer to the various conditions or interactions a UI element can undergo while being used by the enduser. These states allow designers and developers to depict how components visually and functionally respond to the users actions, providing feedback and enhancing the user experience by being consistent.

The onyx design system follows the web standards for component stats to provide the easiest usage and implementation.

::: tip Important

> Not every component uses every state that exists. The choice of the states are an individual thing for every single component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Not every component uses all available states. Only states that are supported by a specific component will be implemented.
```
